Things to do

0. Modify Monitor to listen for connections from a remote
   GUI on its socket. Forward packets to the remote GUI.
   Use raw format for conciseness.
   Pack multiple reports into a single packet.

   Make version of ShowWorld that connects to a remote
   Monitor and displays data using received packets.

1. Add controller node type and add support for control
   messages from a controller. Implement a controller that
   provides a command line interface. May also have it
   generate all the router-specific startup files.

2. Re-work qMgr to implement start-time-fair queueing.
   Maybe keep current version as well. Might want to
   separate into a base class that provides basic
   infrastructure and derived classes that implement
   different packet schedulers.

4. Should add data structure to keep track of subscriptions.
   This must become part of comtree table. For each link,
   need a list of all subscriptions on that link. Add packet type
   for that can be used to request current list of subscriptions.
   Also, add flag to subscription request so user can
   request list of current subscriptions as side effect
   of sending a subscription packet.

5. Make the implementation multi-threaded. First step is to
   use this to have a CLI thread that reads command lines
   and prints output. This will allow us to observe changes
   to the routing table as execution proceeds, and to add
   new links and comtrees as needed. Later, might add a thread
   to implement comtree routing. Alternatively, we might
   implement system-level control on separate machines,
   and just have them send in-band control messages on
   control comtree that routers respond to. On a multicore
   machine, we could build multi-threaded implementation
   that divides the virtual links among different cores.

7. Add back support for large numbers of links. A host that
   can forward 100 Kp/s can handle 2K access links, plus
   links to other routers.

8. Implement support for multiple linecards.

Notes
Need to add bandwidth limits to comtrees.
Should be on per link basis.

Logging in router does not handle sub/unsub correctly since
payloads are modified before packet is forwarded. So received
payload looks incorrect.
